---
layout: post
title: "Why do hotdog buns come in packages of 8 and hotdogs come in packages of 10?"
date: 2005-05-23T00:00:00-0500
release_date: 2014-12-08T13:45:14-0600
keywords: "buns, come, package, dogs, store"
image: "http://d3e878vmunx8cm.cloudfront.net"
permalink: "/p/050523"
summary: "Originally published Monday May, 23rd 2005"
category: ask-stevil
hashtag: "#axisofstevil_050523"
sitemap:
    priority: 0.9
    changefreq: 'weekly'
    lastmod: 2014-12-08T13:45:14-0600
---

> why do hotdog buns come in packages of 8 and hotdogs come in packages of 10?
> 
> \- Ian

Dear Ian,

The grocery stores of America have been playing tricks with our minds for years, and the Axis of Stevil has come to reveal their evil plot. One of “the man’s” tricky ways of getting you to spend more money at the grocery store has been through pairing some of your favorite foods together. Subliminally throughout the years, grocers across the country have come to make you think you’re going to be 2 buns short at the end of a package of hot dogs. So what do you, the consumer, do? You might as well buy a second package of buns, right? Because honestly, who’s going to waste 2 perfectly good hot dogs? When in all reality, the majority of hot dogs and buns are both packaged in sets of 8 and in the long run you are left with an extra package of buns. This same simple trickery also occurs with chips and salsa. Now matter how hard you try, you always manage to finish your salsa before you’re done with your chips, right? Think about it…milk and cereal, peanut butter and jelly, ketchup and everything, caviar and toast points, all these essential foods have been paired together by the man to make you spend more money when you stop by the store for your midnight snack. It simply can be broken down to the “you can’t have one without the other” mentality, the core belief of fat kids everywhere.

Regards,  
The Axis of Stevil

