---
layout: post
title: "Why do they call it &quot;getting your dog fixed &quot; if afterwards it doesn&#039;t work anymore?"
date: 2005-06-10T00:00:00-0500
release_date: 2015-01-21T13:45:09-0600
lastmod: 2015-01-21T13:45:09-0600
keywords: "stevil, women, axis, males, dear"
image: "http://d3e878vmunx8cm.cloudfront.net"
permalink: "/p/050610"
summary: "Originally published Friday June, 10th 2005"
category: ask-stevil
hashtag: "#axisofstevil_050610"
---

> Why do they call it "getting your dog fixed " if afterwards it doesn't work anymore?
> 
> ~Resident Cutie

Dear Resident [evil] Cutie,

You ask a very prolific question. Truly, the dog is broken, but we try to be kind to our animal brothers. So, we lie to them and say we improve them. You might fault Bob Barker for this trend, as it is a necessary ignorance of the language we can afford to appease creatures so dear and loyal to the human race.

Regards,  
The Axis of Stevil

> AOS,  
> Are women born with the instictive ability to lie and decieve, or is it something that mothers pass on to daughters in the ever ending sceme to rule MANkind.
> 
> Jon

Dear Jon,

You sound bitter. The Axis of Stevil does acknowledge “the women conspiracies” as a valid train of thought for all men to have. Many males find frustration in the opposite sex and because of this Dear Jon, at the “Men Conference II” it was decided that women were plotting to take over the planet, and that all the faults men find with them were part of an intricate conspiracy theory to erode the sex into servitude. While it is stereotypically white males who acknowledge MEN II as law, it is a belief that any one can experience. The Axis of Stevil does not recognize the MEN II decision and because of this believes that women are born with all the instincts and desires of men. You, Jon just have terrible taste in women.

Regards,  
The Axis of Stevil
